Update CONTRIBUTING-TECHNICAL-GUIDE.md (#2533)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: CONTRIBUTING-TECHNICAL-GUIDE.md

## How to Contribute

Using Github GUI in the browser or local dev env, this is the question!

> ### 1. Github GUI broswer

Reviewer: Should `Github` be `GitHub`?

```suggestion
### 1. GitHub GUI browser
```

Contributing to the docs via the browser is fast and easy. 
GH provides great DX for making updates, committing and creating PRs via the browser. The DX for reviewing PRs is also pretty powerful.

#### When to use it

> Use Github GUI broswer when you - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Github GUI browser when you:
```

- have simple and only a few edits of the markdown files. 
- already know the syntax for adding internal links and adding images. 
- already know what you are going to write and you **don't** need many iterative commits to see if the result looks okay. In this case, using a local environment will be much faster (explain in the next section)

> #### How to use it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How to use it?
```

> Will briefly explain it as it's quite trivial - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Will briefly explain it as it is quite trivial:
```

1. Via the GUI you can simply click the pencil icon to start editing, then check the differences, click commit to commit the changes to a new branch and eventually create a PR. 

> 2. Check that the CI jobs started running. They will have yellow colour. These jobs run tests on the website including your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check that the CI jobs started running. These jobs run tests on the website including your changes. Running CI jobs are displayed in yellow. 
```

> 3. Once the CI finishes it'll turn green. Once it's, you will see a preview link that you should use to check your changes on a real deployment of Tyk docs website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the CI job finishes it will turn green. Upon completion, you will see a preview link that you should use to check your changes on a real deployment of the Tyk docs website.
```

### 2. Local development environment

> Local environment means, checking out tyk-docs repo and updating the files using an editor or an IDE. When doing so you can test the changes by running Hugo locally and check for errors in Hugo or in the website Hugo generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Local environment means, checking out the tyk-docs repo and updating the files using an editor or an IDE. This allows you to test the changes by running Hugo locally and check for errors in Hugo or in the website Hugo generated.
```

> Local environment means, checking out tyk-docs repo and updating the files using an editor or an IDE. When doing so you can test the changes by running Hugo locally and check for errors in Hugo or in the website Hugo generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Local environment means, checking out the tyk-docs repo and updating the files using an editor or an IDE. This allows you to test the changes by running Hugo locally and check for errors in Hugo or in the website Hugo generated.
```

> ##### When to use it

Reviewer: Updated heading style to #### for consistency with previous section

```suggestion
#### When to use it?
```

> Using the browser is not always enough and you sometimes need to checkout the repo and work locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the browser is not always enough and you sometimes need to checkout the repo and work locally.
```

> You normally favour using a local envirnment when you need to -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You normally favour using a local environment when you need to:
```

> - test things yourself befroe you push them 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
test things yourself before you push them
```

> - repeatedly push changes and test the website. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- repeatedly push changes and test the website
```

Doing so by **running Hugo locally will save you a lot of time** since it takes the CI a few minutes to update the deployment with the latest changes and finish its test before it becomes green. 

> ##### Use cases for local development environment

Reviewer: Updated title style to #### for consistency with previous section

```suggestion
#### Use cases for local development environment
```

> When you need to -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you need to:
```

- test things yourself befroe you push them
- check that the image you added work
- see how images are rendered in the page
- check that the internal links you added work
- are not sure about the syntax of links or images

> - When you work on many pages

Reviewer: Updated bullet point capital letters for consistency, or make all bullet points in document start with capital letter.

```suggestion
when you work on many pages
```

> - When adding new files, it's easier to run it locally sinceyou ca, not sure internal links format, making changes in many files that touch exisitng links and headlines, and mainly nee then you might feel  

Reviewer: Might need to schedule a call at some point to clarify meaning of this paragraph

Author: to explain people when to clone the repo and work  locally and test with a local hugo before pushing

> #### How to use a Local development environment

Reviewer: Updated heading to be consistent with previous section style.

```suggestion
#### How to use it?
```

> In general, we recommend the following way:

Reviewer: Might be easier to include the remainder of the guide into a separate document and then link to it from here. Have looked at header styles and need updating for correct display.

Author: what about merging this and doing it separately?

The following guide briefly explains how to work with Hugo, you would then need push to your forked repository and then create a Pull Request to Tyk's `master` branch.

#### Getting Started
1. Clone this repository 
2. Navigate to the project directory

##### Using Hugo
Our Documentation is constructed using [Hugo](http://gohugo.io/).

###### Run Hugo with Docker
1. [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
2. Run `docker-compose up` from the project directory

###### Run Hugo that is installed locally

> 1. [Install Hugo v0.110.0+extended or greater]([https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo/releases](https://gohugo.io/installation/))

Author: ```suggestion
1. [Install Hugo v0.110.0+extended or greater](https://gohugo.io/installation/)
```

> 1. [Install Hugo v0.110.0+extended or greater]([https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo/releases](https://gohugo.io/installation/)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Install Hugo v0.110.0+extended or greater]([https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo/releases](https://gohugo.io/installation/))
```

2. Run `hugo server --theme=tykio --buildDrafts --enableGitInfo` from `tyk-docs/tyk-docs` directory
3. Go to  [http://localhost:1313/docs/nightly/](http://localhost:1313/docs/nightly/) to view the docs locally

> 4. The content itself is just markdown that follows the front matter block. After making a change, Hugo should auto-reload and you will be able to see the changes live in your browser (if not, refresh). Sometimes Hugo gets confused and you may need to re-run it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The content itself is just markdown that follows the front matter block. After making a change, Hugo should auto-reload and you will be able to see the changes live in your browser (if not, refresh). Sometimes Hugo gets confused and you may need to re-run it
```

{{< img src="/img/docker.png" alt="Docker" width="500px" >}}
```

> `src` and `alt arguments are required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`src` and `alt` parameters are required for images.
```
